---
layout: post
title: Ghosts are real
description: To all the ghosts that haunt me
---
Do you believe in ghosts? I used to believe that anything that wasn't observed, or couldn't be proven with logic, didn't exist. I used to believe that the world was only composed of rationale and facts, and that human emotions were to be ignored and thrown to the side and "irrational". Yet, the more life I have lived the more I have begun to realize how everything isn't always black or white, nor is it always perfect or linear.

This life is messy and complicated. I have recently begun to realize that as I navigate my way through a transitional period in my life. Friendships are changing, my views of the world are changing, even my location of residence might be changing very soon. It's all very overwhelming, and through this change I am reminded of all these little things and moments I used to have. They float around me like ghosts. They don't have a particular form, but rather they take on the form of past memories and feelings.

I think I used to avoid feelings and emotions for the longest time because they were so gray. There's no right or wrong reaction to a particular emotion, but the reaction is considered irrational when it doesn't make sense. I guess that's the beauty in emotions and feelings as well. There is no right or wrong answer, just information. And yes, feelings can lie to us and tell us things that aren't exactly true, but that's still information nonetheless. Anyways, I bring up my conflictions about emotions and feelings, because lately all I have felt are conflicting emotions. My past feels like it haunts me and teases me with all the things I used to have and now don't. Sometimes it's hard to move forward when you don't know what's coming next.

To me, that's what constitutes a "ghost". I believe that ghosts are like reminders and nudges of what we used to be, who we were, and the memories that we carry. Someone once asked me if I believed in ghosts. They said that they only believed in ghosts when it was convenient for a story, or for the purpose of just believing, but they have an inherent feeling of empathy for a spirit so bound by the earth, that they would confine themselves to this imperfect planet.

As for me, I do believe in ghosts even if my reasoning for believing in ghosts isn't specifically for just the sake of a story. I don't believe that ghosts are people who haunt this world, but rather our memories are the ghosts that haunt us. Haunting doesn't have to be bad, I guess it's just a word to express that they always stay with us in any way, shape or form. I think I was getting a little too spooked by my own ghosts, so I needed a place to put them besides inside my head and my heart.

I don't believe that you can judge anybody by their past. The past is done, and most people are not who they once were, even if that was a year ago. Sometimes it's scary to think about who we once were, and who we are to become. Yet, even as I long for change to stop happening, change is the only constant in life. While I keep pushing through this life, trying to figure out why I am even conscious, the memories of my past keep reminding me of who I am. I have no control over my future, but I do have control over each of the choices I make every day. If those choices are to shape who I am, then I think I'm going to be just fine.