---
layout: post
title: Getting over it
description: To the minor inconveniences and the major life reflections
---
I feel like there are these small disappointments in life that only happen to inconvenience you by the slightest bit. Whether you forget a homework assignment, or you accidentally delete a whole entire stylesheet for your website. Even though these things won't impact you in the long run, it's still a jab in the gut when they do happen. I guess they only hurt because you want to believe that you know better, yet they slip by you, and cause slight annoyance and maybe frustration.

I have been thinking about what lessons minor inconveniences teach me. Maybe they come up when I need a gentle reminder to be kind to myself. Maybe they will come up to tell me to be patient with my progress. Maybe they just are there to slow me down or teach me to be less perfectionist with myself. Whatever the lesson minor inconveniences teach me, they never fail to frustrate me in the end.

In a way, life feels like a series of minor inconveniences and unfortunate events. Everybody's life is filled with tiny annoyances, and I think the way people react and handle these minor inconveniences is a contributing factor that shapes a person. I guess since happiness in life is never guaranteed, the way we handle disappointment and regret is integral for living in this world. There will always be disappointment and inconvenience. Happiness is fleeting, and it is in those times of disappointment, sadness, anger, all the negative emotions where we can be grateful for happiness. If we were to only experience happiness and joy, how would we differentiate that from contentment? Would there even be a difference, or would the state of being "happy" be a norm, and thus the goal for obtaining sustained happiness be fulfilled and life would have very little meaning? I'm not saying that the meaning of life is a constant state of happiness, but I feel like a main achievement in life is to obtain constant happiness. We fill our lives with meaningless material items, fake relationships that mimic happiness, and overall try to distract ourselves from the thinness of reality.

I guess life itself is a minor inconvenience. I mean, no one chose to be conscious, yet we deal with the repercussions of this choice of consciousness. We slog along life by following the rules of society, stuck in a routine of habit never truly fulfilling our mortal desires. Eventually we all lie on our deathbeds scared as can be because while this life was imperfect, the thought of separating ourselves from what we know and following life into an unknown death is terrifying, and we would rather live unhappy for eternity than experience that next part of a continuous cycle.

What I'm trying to say is that life can be quite cumbersome at times. Whether it's getting through today or anxiously waiting until tomorrow, sometimes the minor inconveniences of life can feel major. But I think the only reason it's an inconvenience is because it's not "ideal", and I think it's just all in how you look at it. I don't really think life is an inconvenience. I mean, the fact that life even exists when most of everything is void of anything is quite magical. The fact that we are living, breathing, conscious and capable of complex thought is absolutely astounding. You cannot tell me there isn't magic in this world when we are in fact the universe experiencing itself. With that being said, I guess now the only thing that's a minor inconvenience is believing that life was ever not worth it.