---
layout: post
title: The social dilemma
description: To all social mediums involving the Internet
---
I understand that as a human race, we have come a long ways from building fires inside caves, and eating raw meat to sitting down in a heated apartment while staring at a glowing rectangle intangibly interacting supposedly with other humans through an imaginary medium that we have created through electrical currents, but what are we gaining from all this? We as humans crave social connections with other humans, but is it still meaningful interaction even through a screen? I guess with all this chaos surrounding Twitter's recent company changes as well as what the "Metaverse" even is,  it is only natural to question how people interact nowadays.

I have never been big on social interaction. I guess you could call me an introvert in that case. I used to get really bad social anxiety when talking to other people, because I was scared of what they might think of me. Holding other people's opinions higher than your own can only take you so far, which is why I try to stop caring so much of what others think of me. I think the reason people love going online is because it is easier on the Internet to not give a fuck of what other people think of you. You can be whoever you want. I used to love going online and chatting with others of the same interest, knowing full well that I did not have to reveal any personal information about myself. It is freeing knowing that my physical characteristics do not matter to others as much as they did in the real world.

After spending a good portion of 2019-2021 Internet free, I realized how important face to face communication is. While it can be fun to interact with people online, there's something about talking to someone in real life that makes talking to people more worthwhile. Don't get me wrong, I still have a great deal of social anxiety, and while I like interacting with people, I don't have a lot of close friends. I also get really exhausted after talking to strangers. But I guess my problem with the Internet nowadays is the constant spread of misinformation, the selection bias that comes with the algorithms of social media, and the toxicity of some people because they are able to mask their own identity. The reflexive doubt that I feel when reading something "informative" online, or when interacting with people is one of the main reasons I try to spend a limited amount of time on it.

Overall, what I'm really trying to say is that communication between other Homo sapiens is quite an exhaustive activity. Whether that is online interaction or in person interaction, at the end of the day, social communication is tiring. Don't even get me started on how relationships and emotions affect communication as well. Behind every word someone says there are emotions and intention behind it whether it is conscious intent or subconscious intent. Since humans are social animals, I guess the only way to figure out how to properly convey thoughts, opinions and emotions to others while minimizing the damage that our ego can take, is by talking it out.