---
layout: post
title: Unfinished
description: To the new year
---
I don't think in my finite number of years on this planet that I have ever really finished a notebook/journal. I know some people who have pages of beautiful writing , all their thoughts collected into a singular notebook complete with sketches, to-do lists, and a random assortment of things. I don't know why I never finished a journal before. Actually, that's a lie, I *do* know why, and that's because whenever I say I will finish a notebook, I don't. I tell myself "*I will be consistent with this notebook and finish it"*, but I never do. Part of the reason is because I've had some not so great experiences with keeping a journal, but it's mostly due to inconsistency. Actually, I have a lot of hobbies that I never really "finish" or rather stay consistent with. I try to play musical instruments and compose, but sometimes it's daunting and crushing to realize the amount of effort I need to put in. I try to dabble in art with drawing and photography, but I'm scared to be my own judge to my mediocre work. I tell myself that I will meditate for ten minutes each day or just take some time to be still, but I never do that. I always tell myself "*oh, I'll do that tomorrow"*, but when tomorrow rolls around, I never do.

With all these unfinished hobbies, I can't help but wonder why I never finish them. I think there's some comfort in procrastination, and there's some fear in starting. Procrastination is comforting in a sense that you make a promise to yourself, but never fulfill it because you realize that there will always be a tomorrow. Starting something new is always daunting because then it becomes real, and when it becomes real then that means I could lose it. I also believe that I start a lot of these hobbies so I can say I have done this or done that. I want to make it seem like I am a well rounded individual who dabbles in the weirdest things so no one can really judge me or put me in a box. I think a majority of my hobbies are based on a dream that I once had, and for some reason I want to fulfill that dream even if it doesn't apply to my life currently. Maybe that's just me feeling guilty by letting some dreams go? I realize that some dreams are not meant to be, but to me unfinished dreams still feel like I'm letting myself down.

As this year comes to a close, I am learning that sometimes dreams are better left as dreams and not reality. Maybe those dreams were a reflection of who I wanted to be at that particular moment in time, but as the future slowly closes in on me I realize that maybe it's for the better that I let those dreams go. I'm not saying I don't have aspirations or goals. It's more like realizing what I am currently capable of and still being kind to myself in the process of getting to other dreams to better my life.

I'm starting to think that maybe the word "unfinished" isn't a great title for this letter (although I'm still keeping it). "Unfinished" makes it sound like there's something missing. Something that no matter how close you get to it, it will always remain undone. I think a better word or words to use is "in progress" because if you really think about it, that's what life really is. Once you're born, and until the day you die, there will always be something in progress. Yes it's unfinished in a sense but there's always something to work on, something that can be improved. I don't know about you (if I'm even talking to someone), but I think that's where life can be so amazing.

Happy New Year to whomever is reading this. I hope you have a good one. <3