---
layout: post
title: Lonely Together
---
Well, it has certainly been a while since I last posted an actual in depth letter on this tiny little blog. I know that nobody is reading this, and while that is quite sad to realize, I guess my original intention of this just being a time machine for my writing is currently being satisfied. In a sense, that makes me feel quite content. I still like to imagine that someone is out there listening to me. Maybe you are, and I'm just not aware of it. Maybe no one is here, and I'm just slightly crazy. But that's ok! I'm ok with this quiet little space sitting in my own company. In another sense, this little blog is also a way I'm getting used to sitting with myself. I've always been quite bad at that even though I find myself alone a lot of the time, and I'm usually very critical of myself when I realize that I don't have a lot of friends nor is my life quite ideal right now. But, if I don't get better at sitting with myself now, then how will I sit with myself in the future? My reasoning is that since I have all the time in the world right now to sit in my loneliness, I might as well get good at it, ha. Even though I am alone right now, I won't always be lonely. Not if I can help it anyways.

I think there's also a big difference between being alone and being lonely. To me, being alone is a state.  To be alone requires you to be in a location without any other people or rather the absence of others. In contrast, being lonely is a feeling. It does not require you to separate yourself from other people, rather it is an emotion of feeling like you're the only one. It's the emotional state of being alone. It would seem that being alone implies loneliness, but I think that to be alone and not feel the loneliness is something to strive for. I mean, wouldn't it be super cool to be able to sit with yourself and not feel the need to do something? Wouldn't it be so awesome to finally be content with yourself and not feel the need to fill that void of loneliness with people and possessions?  Wouldn't it be nice to finally sit with yourself and feel like you're enough? I don't know about you, but I would like to finally sit with myself and realize that just being here is enough.

I struggle a lot with feeling like enough. I doubt that I am worth enough compared to other people and therefore treat myself like less of a human. That's unfair to me, because I'm not any less human. I just have to deal with myself 24/7. Comparing my 24/27/365 with everyone else's highlights is also unfair, and is probably the reason why I feel lonely all the time. I guess loneliness sparks in times of comparison. Sometimes I let myself sit with loneliness too much, and it consumes me. Sometimes I want that loneliness to consume me. Sometimes I just want to be swallowed by it as a means to escape the disappointment I feel. Maybe then I would finally accept the loneliness of life and finally be content with being alone.

Do you ever have moments of loneliness? Do they come when you're with people or when you're sitting by yourself? Do you get lost in your loneliness? Are you comfortable with yourself alone? I ask myself these questions quite often now due to my copious amounts of time spent alone. I'm trying to get better at being alone and not feeling lonely. I guess that's a bad way of saying it, because feelings of loneliness come up no matter if you want them there or not. I guess a better way of saying it is "*I'm getting better at managing my loneliness*". One day I hope I'll finally be comfortable in my loneliness, and I hope if you're struggling with that, you finally are content with your loneliness too. And if we ever meet in person (if you ever figure out who I am), maybe then we can be lonely together.