---
layout: post
title: Lost words
description: To the words lost in translation
---
I have been thinking about this, but I wonder if the unsaid words outnumber the words that we have spoken (this analogy includes all of the words that have been erased, retyped, etc.). I would think that this number would surely be greater than the number of words we say, write or otherwise communicate either verbally or through writing. I know that I have typed and deleted many words from this post already. Whether it's spelling errors, or just some rewording, for every word I type there are too many I delete in hopes of effectively communicating the meaning of this idea from my head to the reader (that's you). I'm not saying that effective communication shouldn't leave out any words. To me, Ockham's razor is essential for effective communication: as long as your point is being conveyed like you intended, spelling, grammar and an extensive vocabulary is all secondary. If you can find a way to convey your thoughts in the simplest way possible, that's probably the best form your words can take. Now, that's also not to say that sometimes spelling and grammar don't matter, they most certainly do if they affect the meaning of a message, but I digress.

My point in bringing up all these unspoken thoughts is because I go throughout my days not really saying much of anything. Even when I'm in certain social situations, I find myself erring on the side of silence (I bet you can tell how much of an introvert I am). It's not like I am *that* shy (ok, maybe I am a bit shy), but most of the time I just have nothing valuable to say, although my judgment of "valuable" might be a bit biased due to my lack of self-esteem. I guess my problem then boils down to my judgment of myself and how well I view myself to speak my own opinion.

I guess if words can get lost, surely they can be found, right? Does this imply that lost words are still capable of being found? Do they exist in the space rewritten? Maybe the reason words are lost to erasers, deletions and the fear of being misunderstood is because they exist as the unfiltered thought. I think that most people filter themselves through a fine grain, sifting out their personality to fit themselves into a box that society has so neatly prepared unbeknownst that it's a cage filled with the razors of conformity to cut and clean the unkempt differences until they end up as similar as their neighbor.

This post has gone all over the place, and that's partially due to the fact that this took me several weeks to write. I guess I am still out of touch with my own writing. I also think it's due to the fact that I am still quite new to this, and consolidating my thoughts into a coherent essay is still challenging. However challenging this was for me, I hope that you have been entertained either by my spontaneous thoughts, or by the very interesting analogy at the end.