---
layout: post
title: Right Now
description: To the present moment
---
When is Right Now? Is it a place? A time? A moment? I feel like Right Now always changes because your Right Now is different from my Right Now which is different from somebody else's Right Now. So I guess it's all of the above? I feel like if you tried to say "right now" every second for a whole 24 hours, you still wouldn't be able to catch every single Right Now with the inflection of your vocal cords.

I feel like there are an infinite amount of moments of Right Now throughout the day, yet they never seem to last more than an instant. But maybe the moments of Right Now aren't supposed to be noticed every second of the day. Maybe Right Now is only supposed to be noticed when something is Really Happening. Maybe instead of trying to feel your way through all the infinitesimal moments of Right Now, all it takes to notice the Right Now is just sitting with yourself.

I find it quite difficult to sit Right Now and do nothing because I always feel like I have to be doing Something. What is that Something? Maybe it's distracting myself with my phone or video game. Maybe it's looking productive but actually watching YouTube videos. Maybe it takes on the form of procrastination because I'm dreading actually doing the work and completing it. Maybe Right Now is hard for me to sit in because sometimes it doesn't feel real that I'm here Right Now because a part of me never thought I'd make it to Right Now. In that sense, I always feel a little guilty of not being present all the time, because there was a time where I didn't think I'd be here Right Now and all the time I have wasted either regretting the past or becoming anxious of the future is me taking it my Right Now for granted when nothing is guaranteed.

For me, my Right Now is quite mundane. I feel like I'm waiting for something to happen, almost like a calm before the storm. If I'm being honest, that something I'm waiting for is called the Start of the Semester (and that's about as personal as I will get with my real life). I usually get excited about starting something new because it means I'll actually be doing something and busying myself. I know there will be times during this upcoming semester where I long for nothing. I always want what I don't have Right Now, and when I remind myself to take Right Now for all that it has to offer, I can be more grateful for the Right Now even if it is quite boring in comparison to other people's Right Now.

I am starting to realize Right Now that I have wandered a bit from my original intention of formatting. I feel like my recent thoughts have been more of me ranting than really asking you what you think like a true pen pal would do. In that sense, I wonder, whoever you are, what you are doing Right Now? I mean, you're reading this Right Now so I guess you're sharing a Right Now with me. Not in the sense that I'm really here with you Right Now, but rather that my thoughts are with you Right Now. How do you spend your Right Now when it's calm and then when it's more lively? Most importantly, do you enjoy Right Now? I'm learning to enjoy all of my moments Right Now no matter how quiet or loud, and I hope that you can enjoy your Right Now as I'm enjoying mine.