---
layout: post
title: Limbo
description: To the in between
---
I'm not going to lie, I have had a pretty hard time trying to figure out what to write for this. I think part of me is scared to voice my own thoughts to the Internet. This endless void of ones and zeros can seem pretty intimidating at times. I guess I'm just scared of regretting what I have written when looking at this in hindsight. Realistically, I know that's a pretty terrible way to view anything. In hindsight, mostly everything you create is pretty terrible, yet it also depends on where you start. Going back to my first post on this, it is quite… interesting. I won't say terrible, because I did my best back then, and that's all I could really do. Even now, I do not know what to write, but I'll try my best to convey the thoughts I do have.

I have been thinking for quite some time, and I think that maybe my hesitance to write is due to this weird limbo of life I'm currently sitting in. It's not a bad feeling of limbo, but I also wouldn't classify it as "good" per se. Since it is neither good nor bad, I guess it's just a time in limbo. Maybe part of the reason I have so much anxiety surrounding this time In Between is because I am trying too hard to fill it with tasks to keep my mind from standing still. Part of that thinking is my own fear of being lazy coupled with the anxiety of letting my mind wander too much and giving myself an existential crisis (I already have one once a day, I don't need more). Another part of it is that residual feeling of being Left Behind. It's a hard feeling to shake especially if you're like me in your early 20s. Sometimes the feeling of being Left Behind poses quite the threat, so we fill our days with bright lights and noise to distract ourselves from the feeling of knowing what it's like to truly be alone.

I think that's a good place to stop for now. I've been trying to come up with a solid conclusion for a couple days now, and the ones I tried writing just weren't cohesive anymore. I guess I should cut myself some slack after not writing for a solid month, and honestly, I have some other good ideas to write about. I've mentioned it before, but I feel like my intention of keeping this is changing a bit. I don't think I'll change the name of it, but rather instead of thinking like these are letters being sent and read by someone, maybe these letters are getting lost in transit or returned to the sender. I think I like that, for now. Maybe instead of imagining that my thoughts are being sent somewhere, maybe they'll just end up as lost as I am in the endless void of consciousness.