---
layout: post
title: Life updates
description: To the weird experience of being alive
---
I try to post as many thoughts as I can because I want this website to be a little place where all my unsaid, unsent and unspoken thoughts can reside. I want to get over the fear of being judged both by others, and by myself. Yet, for this particular post, I found myself deleting and retyping it, avoiding something like I always do. I guess that’s because I don’t know what to write anymore. I started this website as a way to cope with some inner turmoil, and vent to basically no one but myself. The turmoil since then has ebbed, and now I’m left with this state of limbo. I don’t really feel sad, yet I don’t feel happy all the time, but it’s ok. This time can now be used to ponder deeply about who I am and who I want to become.

That being said, I feel like I’m doing nothing with my life currently. I feel like I am stuck in a cycle that I cannot break. Sometimes, I feel like I am wasting my time by existing in this monotonous state of limbo. I guess I really just struggle with being content with myself, and starting the journey seems like such a long one to take, but the more I delay it, the more time I have to pour into it later. I know I cannot rely on motivation in the long run to keep up habits, so I guess that just leaves discipline and hard work to carry me through this journey of healing.

Lately I have been drowning in anxiety and my mind hasn’t been the most peaceful with my studies occupying most of my time. I think when I am constantly tired and stuck inside a loop of cortisol due to external forces it’s easier for me to become cynical and berate myself for this loop of endless work and lack of serotonin. I wish I could write more and work through this by writing more, but by forcing myself to write I don’t feel like it comes from a place of deep thought, but rather anxiously trying to reason with myself. I have an underlying pressure to write at least once a week, and with all the stress I have right now, that’s just not possible.

With that being said, these letters will slow down for the time being while I work on my mental health and figure out some more life stuff. I don’t know how to better explain myself, but this is the best I’ve got. I’ll be back soon.