---
layout: post
title: Stem Cells
description: To the growth factors of life
---
Sometimes I wonder if anyone reads this. I wonder if my words are just floating around inconspicuously through the vast ocean of the Internet, or if this message in a bottle actually makes it to anybody. I'm not concerned whether or not someone is reading this as my intention has stayed the same throughout the past nine letters I have written, yet my curiosity gets the better of me sometimes. Though, if you do manage to find this, I sincerely hope that you enjoy/have enjoyed any of my life rants and existential crises, not that they are enjoyable (quite the opposite in fact), but rather I hope you have enjoyed the experience of scrutinizing life from different perspectives. I rarely get to discuss philosophy or just life with others because normal people find that a bit "weird", so when I do get to discuss the workings of life either on the Internet like this or in person, I am more than grateful to have experienced that connection, and I hope to surround myself with like-minded people in the future.

That being said, I cannot help but compare my existence with that of stem cells. If you don't know what stem cells are, let me catch you up on some biology. Stem cells are the baby cells in our bodies that have the potential to become any other cell. For example, a stem cell can become a liver cell, a white blood cell, a red blood cell, and the list goes on. The reason that some stem cells change into certain cells is due to these proteins called "growth factors". Growth factors are what turns a stem cell into the surrounding other cells, and it's only when a stem cell has the proper growth factors it has the ability to turn into another mature cell.

In a way, this is almost a reflection on our lives. We start out as a blank slate (or close to one. I'm not going into more psychology), and the environment we immerse ourselves in shape the nature of our character. Now, sometimes we cannot always choose where our starting environment is, but we do have the choice to surround ourselves with likeminded people and eventually our environment, and it's in that awareness to realize that if we aren't where we want to be or who we want to be, we have some control to change it. Just like how the cells in our body fully mature, so can we.

This wasn't a particularly long post, nor was it very extensive into my thoughts. I just thought that this simple analogy was a small and concise one to share. There's not much to it, but that's also what I like about it. Sometimes I feel like I'm constantly weighed down by some deep thoughts, and I'm sure it can seem like that reading my past introspections. Anyways, I know I have not written in a while, but here's a recent thought I have pondered while also starting my new academic semester (I'll probably touch on that next time). I hope this new year is treating you well, whomever you are, and I hope, as always, that you have enjoyed your time here.