---
layout: post
title: Logarithmic increase
description: To feeling behind in life
---
I don't know about you, but my current area of academic interest has left me with very little time to myself. It has only been a couple of weeks since the start of my semester, yet I already feel the pressure of getting assignments done on time as well as the never ending LIST of assignments being assigned. It also does not help that each professor treats their class like it's The Most Important Class In Your Academic Career And You Need To Pour All Your Sanity Into This Class. Maybe I'm exaggerating my workload. I feel like I am, because I know several people who have much greater workloads than me, yet they do not complain about their homework. But maybe "complaining" isn't the right word for this. Maybe this is more like "having a discussion" about my workload, and while I may downplay my achievements and such, I do think that some professors can be quite intense about their class. If you are currently enrolled in any type of academic institution, I wish you luck in your classes if they started, or if they are in session, whatever it may be.

I bring up the discussion about academics, because of this post's title. I remember back in high school learning about logarithms. Now, if you do not recall logarithmic functions, or have suppressed the memory of such which I totally understand, logarithmic functions are the inverse functions to exponential functions. This means that if you graph an exponential function, it will grow rapidly. In contrast, logarithmic functions grow slowly. Even when zooming the graph out to the thousands and then the ten thousands, the graph still hugs the x-axis pretty closely. It must be nice for the x-axis if you think about it. The logarithm function stays a loyal friend even as f(x) increases into the thousands and millions.

In a way, I feel like my life is a logarithmic function, or at least this portion of my life. I feel like I have not grown at all for a while, and my everyday experience is quite grey and dim. Of course, this is also accompanied with my fear of change as I apply to bigger schools, and yet, I still always feel slightly inadequate compared to the general person my age. To put it simply, I feel like I'm behind in life. I feel like there really isn't anything special to me as a person, nor do I have anything to offer to this world. I just kind of exist in a mundane plane of existence, not sure where I'm headed, and ruminating on my past as it slowly slips away from my fingertips.

Do you ever feel like your life is increasing in a logarithmic way? If you do, does it ever feel mundane? A little boring and like you're waiting for Something To Happen, so that you finally have the joy of Something Really Happening in your life besides the everyday tasks to complete? I feel like I've been waiting for something to Really Happen for a long time now. I feel like a lot of my friends have stuff Really Happening all the time for them, and yet nothing has Really Happened for me. Maybe that's me downplaying everything I've experienced, again (I'm really good at doing that). Or maybe that's me comparing myself to others when that's really not fair to myself. I guess in a way I just miss Something from my past that I wish would return. I have full knowledge of what that Something is, but I'm too embarrassed and scared to put it in writing here. But maybe that Something is gone for a reason. Maybe even though nothing is Really Happening right now in my life, and I miss the Something I used to have, I should enjoy this logarithmic increase of life, because when life does become exponentially fast, I can fully enjoy the exponential growth. I guess a part of embracing life means enjoying the exponential growth as well as the sine waves, tangent lines and logarithmic increases.